Staffing Solutions
The right people : Your goal is to focus on your core business. Our goal is to help you by offering comprehensive workforce solutions. Tech Expertsus provides a full spectrum of tactical and strategic workforce services Providing you with the right talent at the right time is how it begins. From the factory to the tech site to the trade show to the law firm, we'll deliver the skilled professionals you need. We've earned the reputation for enabling our clients to meet critical deadlines by providing the time critical support they need.

Tech Expertsus is a full service IT Services and Business Services Firm. Tech Expertsus's Staff Augmentation, Project Solutions, Vendor Management, Executive Search services, call center technology and IT and business development services allow us to deliver ideas and solutions that meet all of our customers' IT and Business resource needs. Tech Expertsus's international footprint allows us to tap into multiple labor pools and deliver the best to our Fortune 500 customer base.

We partner with our clients to understand their project and resource needs so that we are able to provide the following value:

 

Ability to produce quick turnaround times in providing IT consultants with the required skills to supplement your teams staff on projects or free up the internal team to focus on other key projects
Reduced dependency on regional and national technology solutions providers when your project requires only a staff augmentation approach versus a true full lifecycle project solution
Reduced project resource costs
Flexibility to provide consultants at your facility or offsite at our offices
All inclusive hourly rates for consultants
Large qualified talent pool of consultants to choose from so that you have access to best talent that fits your companys technical needs and culture
Ability to provide seasoned consultants to meet your companys fluctuating customer and internal demands without having to hire full-time employees and risk laying them off once business condition decrease
Having the ability to bring in proven IT consultants that can hit the ground running while meeting your project budgets is key to a successful project. Technical Staffing Solutions project staff augmentation model provides our clients with the ability to meet their project milestones while keeping costs under control. In todays market, the ability to bring in IT consultants to supplement your team on an as needed basis is crucial to continued success.

Professional Recruiting : Our professional placement services are designed for organizations looking to fill middle to upper management positions. Our targeted searches offer a confidential way to target latent job seekers with specific skills and experience. We source, screen, and interview potential candidates based on your requirements, then provide you with a list of the top-tier candidates. You have the ability to conduct final interviews and make the final hiring decision. To ensure your satisfaction, our Professional Placement services are also backed by a guarantee ranging from 60 to 180 days, depending on the position. For more details, contact Innovative Staff Solutions at +1 469-666-0019, by email at info@techexpertsus.com, or online at www.techexpertsus.com.