
Project Management Solutions
Tech Expertsus project management solutions help companies schedule resources and monitor performance to ensure both deadlines and project requirements are met. Automated project execution ensures timely communication across distributed teams by automatically updating schedules and delivering resource assignments as each critical deadline is met.
Companies can implement a standardized, efficient process to manage projects and enhance communication among product teams.
Process Improvement : Business processes are fundamental to every company’s performance and ability to successfully execute on business strategy. Technology can help, the right people are important and proper supporting structures are necessary. However, processes are the key mechanism by which businesses deliver value to the marketplace. But how do companies establish high-performing processes? The key is understanding the current maturity and performance of a process, identifying the level of performance required and establishing a path for achieving the desired maturity and performance.
Process improvement can typically drive value in all parts of the business, it is important to focus initial efforts on areas that provide the largest performance impact (e.g., cost, quality, service). This helps drive early financial benefits as well as builds momentum for change.
Tech Expertsus has developed a comprehensive approach to methodically and logically assess, prioritize and target process improvements based upon overall value, organization priorities and strategic imperatives. tech expert's approach starts with understanding the “voice of the customer” around performance expectations, needs and perceived issues. We then leverage both qualitative and quantitative analytics to determine how well processes are working against performance expectations and identify issues and opportunities. Process Improvement opportunities are then quantified and prioritized based on benefit potential and level of effort to address.
Risk Analysis :We at Tech Expertsus have Decades of Experience in helping organizations better understand formal risk management and how it applies to their industry and programs.
Project risks need continuous evaluation, monitoring and management. Tech Expertsus can identify project risks, analyze risks and help objectively manage and mitigate them, resulting in project reports that you can rely on. We can help build risk processes and procedures together with supporting risk management tools to ensure your project has the highest probability of success.
* 		Assessing the composition and performance of your portfolio
* 		Cost and Schedule Risk Analysis
* 		Risk Management and Simulation Optimization
Custom Soft Ware Development Solutions : With Tech Expertsus Custom Software Development services, organizations can create software exactly according to their requirements. This reduces the need for purchasing multiple software for running the business, eliminates buying expensive licenses and up-gradation and maintenance costs. With a Custom Software Development designed and run according to your specifications, Tech Expertsus ensures that nothing is more important than your business.
* 		Gathering the Requirements
* 		Predefined Methodologies and Frameworks
* 		Process Oriented development methodology
* 		Strong focus on Quality
* 		Quality Assurance and Testing
* 		Develop prototypes for Demos to Users
* 		Installation and Client Training
* 		Customer Support and Troubleshooting
Web Application Solutions :As the Web continues to extend its reach into our daily lives, an increasing number of our interactions will happen on line. The practical implication of this for interface designers is lots of Web application projects that cover everything from filing taxes to sharing photos.
Web application development includes many stages, from high level strategy, accurate planning, necessary research, business consulting, design, programming, testing and training. Through this complete process we remain clear and transparent with our clients without any misleading promises. Our web applications are not only well-designed, but also business ready from day 1.
Our Web Developers use advanced technologies and Web Application Development Tools to offer technically complex and yet user-friendly solutions with the optimal cost/performance ratio. Our experienced technical and project management team will guide you from a business idea to implementation of a cost effective software solution. Our web application services include application development, application re-engineering, application enhancement and application maintenance.
Secure Internet : We provide secure scalable, US based solutions for small and medium enterprises. Our solutions enable businesses of all sizes to leverage private cloud and other software technologies to focus on growing their businesses. With our solutions, you are able to reduce your technology headaches, reduce the overall cost of your technology ownership and still have the flexibility with your chosen platform!
Secure Internet Solutions takes network reliability and performance to the next level. We maximize our network security protection against DDoS attacks that could harm your business.
Tech Expertsus combines cutting-edge security technology, best practices and a team of certified senior-level professionals to help ensure that you can safely manage and grow your business. Using state-of-the-art traffic profiling and anomaly detection capabilities, we manage and secure our networks, pinpoint and troubleshoot network attacks, monitor your servers and applications, and analyze network security performance issues.
Secure Intranet : Tech Expertsus Secure intranet software includes enterprise social networking, business email, on line document management, project management, calendaring, and contact management tools.
A company intranet with a comprehensive set of intranet features allows your business to grow by enhancing collaboration and information flow within and outside company boundaries. Our Offered services are carried out by our team of skilled professionals who efficiently work on our services.
* 		Simple and Intuitive to use
* 		Quick and Easy Interface
* 		256kbit encryption
* 		A unique or customized URL
* 		Document and File Management
* 		Fully Secured
Responsive Designs : Responsive Web Design (RWD) is a device-independent UI (user interface) design philosophy that aims to develop and deliver an optimized website experience on devices with different widths and different resolutions: PC, notebook, tablet, smart phone, etc. It is a technology using which web designers code the style sheets of the website in a manner that its layout magically adjusts itself to more comfortably fit the width of the browser in which it is being viewed.
* 		Upgrade the mobile and tablet viewing experience of your website visitors - no vertical or horizontal scrolling.
* 		No separate websites to be designed and maintained for mobile users.
* 		Fluid grids work as an extension of liquid layouts - in a more robust manner fitting elements into huge and small screens effortlessly.
* 		Style Separated from Content - Since responsive web design works through CSS media queries, you get the advantage of content management abilities of your CMS of choice. We provide Drupal and Word press based content-managed responsive sites.
3rd party integrations : Every business will benefit from different types of third party application. At Tech Expertsus, our team will work with you to discover the applications that will benefit you the most. We’re experts at seamless third party application integration with e-commerce websites, so you can rest assured that you won’t lose revenue while waiting for changes to be made.
Third party system integration incorporates different approaches for different service providers though API, XML or white labeling method, be it a core business application or a commercial on line portal.
Tech Expertsus specializes in providing following integration services:
* 		On line Chat Tools
* 		Payment Gateway Integration
* 		Social Network Integration
* 		Geo Location Integration Services
* 		Advertising Integration Services
Enterprise Database Solutions : The volume of data generated from enterprise applications is always high and ever-growing. And organizations are under pressure to control costs without sacrificing their growth and productivity.
Enterprise Database solutions with the massive amounts of data available across a variety of channels, marketers can be overwhelmed with where to begin.
Tech Expertsus Enterprise Data Management combines our strategic and data management expertise with a deep understanding of retail operations in order to deliver an informed engagement strategy along with a leading technology platform.
* 		Web-based access to real-time data anywhere in the world, at any time
* 		Multiple accounts with different permission levels for different work groups
* 		Automatic email notifications to notify you of any changes or additions to your data.
With a unique combination of price and performance, Tech Expertsus offers fast and creative line-of-business solution that provides organizations with flexible deployment options, data protection and breakthrough performance from server to cloud.
Scrum Training : Scrum is a lightweight process framework for software development. Although commonly referred to as an agile methodology, “framework” is the preferred term among Scrum and agile experts, expressing the difference between Scrum and other more rigid or “heavy” methods.
We at Tech Expertsus provide SCRUM Training where our highly skilled professionals will teach you all the aspects and modules from the very basic points.
* 		Tech Expertsus help in all aspects of SCRUM Theory
* 		The Scrum values and principles and the way in which these contribute to the success of your project.

