Outsourcing
Today's dynamic business environment mandates a robust IT organization while simultaneously reducing Total Cost of Ownership (TCO), enhancing service levels and transforming IT into a strategic enabler.

Tech Expertsus' outsourcing value proposition couples IT solutions with business objectives, while delivering certainty in an environment of collaboration, trust, reliability and flexibility to meet customer's changing requirements. Our full service model, in-depth industry knowledge and technical expertise, robust and repeatable processes, Global Network Delivery Model GNDMT, and expertise at optimizing IT environments in globally scalable environments help us deliver measurable business results and transform our customers' IT investments into reliable and future-proof Business Service Infrastructures.

Client Challenges :

Build and grow a flexible IT organization to keep pace with business growth, while ensuring that technology investments effectively support business objectives and the evolving processes across functional domains.
Manage TCO in a shrinking IT budget regime, correlate investments with results and deliver quantifiable business benefits.
Manage operational issues, like high turnaround time because of decentralized operations and disjoined technology portfolio.
Access or maintain required competency/skills and focus across the technology stack and future models/evolutions.
Leverage IT investment as a differentiator, while responding to complex macroeconomic and competitive challenges.
What Tech Expertsus Provides : The Tech Expertsus Outsourcing solution envisages transparent, flexible and scalable full service offerings delivered seamlessly through its GNDMT while maintaining a global uniform single delivery standard.

We offer : Application Outsourcing to help streamline your processes by leveraging your application management and IT investments. Our full services model enable you to meet all your needs and business goals with maximum efficiency. Tech Expertsus delivers excellence and certainty across all of your enterprise's IT needs through the following:

IT Services
Enterprise Solutions
Business Intelligence and Performance Management
Engineering and Industrial Services
Infrastructure Outsourcing to help you manage your ever-growing IT needs with a robust and reliable IT infrastructure. Our in-depth industry knowledge and technical expertise helps customers extract the best out of their IT investments by creating a 'Business Effective' IT infrastructure that is not only reliable, but also future-proof.
For more details visit Tech Expertsus' IT Infrastructure Services

Business Process Outsourcing to help you focus on strategic and core functions while we execute your non-core business processes, optimizing business performance to attain value creation. With Tech Expertsus' efficient and effective delivery mechanisms you can expect significant lower overall costs: upto 50 percent reduction in people cost through right-shoring and lift-off productivity gains in transition phase by deploying lean, six-sigma and automation, and upto 30 percent reduction in total cost of operations as Tech Expertsus facilitates business transformation.

For more details visit Tech Expertsus' Business Process Outsourcing Services

Business Value :

Seamless scaling up of IT organization to increased complexity with uniform service delivery standards by leveraging Tech Expertsus' GNDMT infrastructure
Scalable, flexible and unified IT solution tied to business service management objectives using Tech Expertsus' Integrated Full Service Play and vendor agnostic approach which optimizes applications, Infrastructure Services and BPO synergies
Reduced TCO and correlation of IT to financial objectives leveraging Tech Expertsus' transparent service delivery philosophy and investments in innovation, knowledge management and competency infrastructure
A transformed IT organization capable of meeting increasing environmental challenges, while ensuring agility and improving time to market